added installation instructions in the quick start docs (#4350)
microsoft/FluidFramework: docs/content/docs/get-started/quick-start.md

- [Git](https://git-scm.com/downloads)

### Installing Fluid Packages

> For this example we already have the necessary fluid packages in our package.json. Therefore, when you run `npm install`, they will be installed for you.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For this example we already have the necessary Fluid packages in our package.json. Therefore, when you run `npm install`, they will be installed for you.
```

Reviewer: This will fix the policy-check error in the CI.

However, if you wanted to start a new project on your own, available packages are labeled in the [Fluid API Section](https://fluidframework.com/apis/) of the documentation. 

> To install your packages you can follow this format `npm i package-name` if you use `npm` or `yarn add package-name` if you use `yarn`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To install your packages you can follow this format: `npm i package-name` if you use [npm](https://docs.npmjs.com/) or `yarn add package-name` if you use [yarn](https://yarnpkg.com/).
```

Reviewer 2: Awesome, thanks!

> Here are the packages we use for this tutorial, and how you can install them based on the package manager you use.
> - **@fluidframework/aqueduct** 
>    - `npm i @fluidframework/aqueduct` or `yarn add @fluidframework/aqueduct`
> - **@fluidframework/get-tinylicious-container** 
>    - `npm i @fluidframework/get-tinylicious-container` or `yarn add @fluidframework/get-tinylicious-container`
> - **@fluidframework/map** 
>    - `npm i @fluidframework/map` or `yarn add @fluidframework/map`
> - **tinylicious**
>    - `npm i tinylicious --save-dev` or `yarn add tinylicious --dev`
> 
> Tinylicious is only a development dependency, since it is the [service](http://localhost:1313/docs/concepts/service/) used when developing your Fluid app.
> 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We use the following Fluid packages in this tutorial:

- **@fluidframework/aqueduct** 
- **@fluidframework/get-tinylicious-container** 
- **@fluidframework/map** 
- **tinylicious**
   - Note: Tinylicious is only a development dependency, since it is the [service]({{ relref /docs/concepts/service/ }}) used when developing your Fluid app. You can install it as a development dependency using `npm i tinylicious --save-dev` or `yarn add tinylicious --dev`.

```
